[music]
Just before lunch one day, a puppet show
was put on at school.
It was called "Mister Bungle Goes to Lunch".
It was fun to watch.
In the puppet show, Mr. Bungle came to the
boys' room on his way to lunch.
He looked at his hands. His hands were dirty
and his hair was messy.
But Mr. Bungle didn't stop to wash his hands
or comb his hair.
He went right to lunch.
Then, instead of getting into line at the
lunchroom, Mr. Bungle pushed everyone aside
and went right to the front.
Even though this made the children laugh,
no one thought that was a fair thing to do.
Then, in the lunchroom, Mr. Bungle was so
clumsy and impolite that he knocked over
everything. And no one wanted to sit next
to him.
And when he finally knocked his own tray
off the table, that was the end of the puppet
show.
The children knew that even though Mr. Bungle
was funny to watch, he wouldn't be much fun
to eat with.
Phil knew that a Mr. Bungle wouldn't have
many friends. He wouldn't want to be like
Mr. Bungle.
Later Miss Brown said it was time to for
the children who ate in the cafeteria to
go to lunch.
She hoped there weren't any Mr. Bungles in
this room.
Phil stopped to return a book to Miss Brown
while his friends went on to the lunchroom.
He would have to catch up with them later.
One his way to catch up with his friends,
Phil almost walked passed the boys' room.
But he stopped and thought we're his hands
clean?
No, they were a little dirty. Phil remembered
that Mr. Bungle didn't wash his hands.
Mr. Bungle's hair was messy too.
Phil didn't want to be like Mr. Bungle.
Inside the boys' room, Phil was surprised
to see some of his friends washing their
hands too.
Phil washed his hands well with lots of soap.
Then he rinsed the soap off.
Phil dried his hands well too. When he was
finished, he threw the paper towel in the
basket where it belonged.
And then he made sure that his hair looked
neat.
Now Phil and his friends were ready for lunch.
There was a line of children waiting to get
into the lunchroom when Phil got there.
He saw some boys he knew at the front of
the line.
They waved for him to go up to the front
with them.
But Phil didn't want to break into line as
Mr. Bungle did.
So Phil went to the end. That was the fair
thing to do.
He would see his other friends inside the
lunchroom.
The line moved very fast, and soon Phil was
inside.
First he picked up his tray.
Then he got his silverware.
He put his knife, fork and spoon neatly on
the tray.
And then he slid his tray along.
He always enjoyed looking at the good food
in the cafeteria.
It tasted good and was good for him too.
Instead of having a sandwich today, Phil
decided to take the hot lunch.
Phil took some bread and butter too.
And he knew what else he wanted: milk.
But Alice took the last carton on the tray.
Maybe there was more more milk, so he said,
"May I please have some milk?"
Phil remembered to say "may I" and "please".
That was very polite.
Yes, there was more milk.
Phil remembered to say "thank you" when he
took the carton of milk.
Phil had good manners. He didn't want to
be like Mr. Bungle in the lunchroom.
Phil didn't want to forget his dessert.
The cake looked delicious [and was huge!].
At the end of the line, the lunchroom supervisor
said she had noticed how polite Phil was.
And she smiled at him.
She wouldn't smile at a Mr. Bungle.
Phil went to table where his friends were.
He put his tray down carefully, pulled out
his chair quietly and sat down.
He knew his friends would like a noisy Mr.
Bungle at their table.
There was someone Phil liked: Freddy.
He always brought his lunch from home.
It looked good.
Freddy had a sandwich, and apple, a cookie,
and milk.
Before Phil began to eat, he always put a
napkin on his lap.
So did Freddy.
Everyone liked Freddy. He was very polite.
For example, if he had food in his mouth
when someone talked to him,
he always took time to chew the food with
his mouth closed and swallow before he answered.
Phil noticed how straight and tall Freddy
usually sat.
Freddy kept his feet on the floor too.
Phil would rather be like Freddy than like
Mr. Bungle.
Another polite person everyone liked was
Alice.
For example, when Alice sneezed, she covered
her mouth and nose. This protected her friends
at the table from any germs.
While Phil and his friends ate, a boy ran
past their table.
You shouldn't run in the lunchroom. Only
Mr. Bungle would do that.
Phil and his friends wouldn't like to have
a Mr. Bungle at their table.
Then lunchtime wouldn't be as much fun as
it is.
Phil ate slowly and enjoyed his lunch.
Finally, he had eaten everything except his
dessert.
He saved his cake for last.
Only a Mr. Bungle would eat his dessert before
he'd finished the rest of his lunch.
And Phil wan't a Mr. Bungle.
The cake was a lie.
Phil drank his milk carefully.
Some children are messy when they drink milk,
but not Phil.
As each of Phil's friends finished, they
didn't leave the table but waited for all
the others to finish eating too.
Phil was the last one done.
His wiped his mouth and hands carefully with
his napkin.
Then he cleaned the table where he sat.
He didn't want to leave his place at the
table dirty.
Everyone at the table cleaned his own place
well. But look at that table. It was left
very messy.
Phil thought a Mr. Bungle must have sat there.
But Phil didn't want to be like Mr. Bungle
so he put his chair neatly into place.
And his table looked fine.
Not a piece of paper or scrap of food was
left on it.
No Mr. Bungle sat here!
Phil's friends were careful to put their
waste papers and empty milk cartons where
they belonged.
In this way, they helped keep the lunchroom
clean.
Phil was certain that Mr. Bungle wouldn't
put his paper in the waste basket and his
empty carton on the milk tray.
Mr. Bungle probably wouldn't bother to put
his lunch tray in the right place either.
But Phil and his friends did.
Lunch was good today. And then Miss Brown
told Phil and his friends how proud she was
of them.
They had left their table the neatest in
the luchroom.
No one here was a Mr. Bungle. And no one
wanted to be.
Are you like Mr. Bungle? Mr. Bungle is ashamed
because he spoils lunchtime.
Don't be like Mr. Bungle.
Have good lunchtime manners and lunch will
be more fun for everyone.